comments
This class is hard, but its a two-in-one gen-ed knockout, and the content is very stimulating. Unlike most classes, you have to actually participate to pass. Sections are easy and offer extra credit every week. Very funny dude. Not much more I can say.
Definitely going to choose Prof. Looney\'s class again! Interesting class and easy A. You can bring notes to exams so you don\'t need to remember a lot. Lots of bonus points available and the observatory sessions are awesome!
I overall enjoyed this class because the assignments were straightforward and interesting. I just didn\'t enjoy the video project because I felt like no one in my group cared enough to help.
Yes, it\'s possible to get an A but you\'ll definitely have to work for it. The content is pretty interesting, but you have tog get super organized in this class. You\'ll have multiple things due every week and a ton lectures to go over. If possible, I\'d avoid this class as an 8 week course. You\'ll definitely always have somethingto do in this class.
Professor Looney has great knowledge in Astronomy, while he can explain them in a super easy way in an elementary class. He taught this class with great passion and great illustration. This class is definitely fun to take. If you are interested in further knowledge that this class won\'t cover, don\'t hesitate to ask him. Great teacher.
Looney is a super funny guy and this class was really interesting. It wasn\'t a complete blow off, but it wasn\'t too bad. Just do all the homework/observation sessions and study a bit the night before exams and you should pull an A. I would definitely recommend him for a science gen ed. There was no text book and no final.
Professor Looney is the BOMB. He is a truly good teacher, and really explains material thoroughly. He is also absolutely hilarious and makes me laugh every class. I would highly recommend him and this course to anyone - I am far from a science-lover, but this class has helped me enjoy, I repeat, ENJOY science!!
Professor Leslie Looney is honestly amazing. I would call this my first positive experience with a science class! In addition to being truly GOOD at teaching, he makes class interesting. I literally lol almost every period. LOONEY FOREVER!!!
Looney is a beast. Best prof on campus and this class is extremely interesting. It is the easiest astronomy and physical science class you will find.
The homework, exams, and lab could trip you up if you\'re expecting a blow-off class, but otherwise its great. Looney is very enthusiastic and the course is full of interesting content
He is one of the most enthusiastic and off the walls professors you\'ll ever meet. His grading is very fair. The exams aren\'t bad considering you can use a notes sheet. There\'s lots of Iclickers so you have to show up to class. There\'s no book used. Take this class its fun and interesting!
"Sexy Boy". Killer Skies was one of the best classes I\'ve taken. Looney kept me excited for class and did presentations effectively and with great humor. Highly recommend him in general. Online quizzes were tough but given multiple chances. Exams are somewhat hard so study. Never a dry moment, great guy, great topics. You\'re gonna have fun. Ciao
Excellent professor. Hilarious, fun, and good.
Loved his Killer Skies class! He\'s very funny and allows you to bring in a sheet of notes for each test and even the final! Theres no textbook, but you have to use his ppt slides alot for the HW and cheat sheets. The HW is quite hard tho, even with the ppt slides given to you. But you get unlimited number of tries, and the highest score is taken
A kind, knowledgeable, phenomenal teacher. I would recommend any of his classes. He is hilarious, engaging, and intelligent. This class was so far from my major, and yet I enjoyed class everyday. Study, its astronomy. But Looney is fantastic.
I hnonestly can say that Leslie Looney is the only reason I go to class (that, and the iclicker credit). I can\'t say that I\'ve actually learned anything in this class, though Looney is fairly entertaining.
He is absolutely AMAZING! A complete riot and wonderful professor. Class is NEVER boring and something new is taught daily. Online homework is a breeze and tests aren\'t horrible. Studying is necessary for them though.
He is AMAZING! The funnest class I have had all semester. He\'s knows his material and is always willing to help.
Best professor I\'ve had so far! He is informative, clear and funny. Makes you actually wanna go to class... Gotta do homework regularly and study for the test--they aren\'t bad if you do.
Great professor and great class! I recommend taking this course, it was a physical science and quantitive reasoning II course.
Dr. Wager is a great professor. Her expectations were clear and she really wants to help you succeed. She was always entertaining and knew what she was talking about. I took her hybrid course which i would definitely recommend.
I LOVE Prof. Wager. She\'s hilarious and dedicated. I took this as the hybrid block and I loved it. It is fast paced, but not a ton of work. The final is only a 5 page paper, and you can revise your essays as many times as you want. She really wants you to do well and helps you as much as you can. If I could take every class with her, I would.
Taken as Hybrid course. It was good taking it with this teacher. Especially in a hybrid course she only assigns stuff that is needed. Be aware if you take this in a hybrid class there will be something due EVERY time before the next class. Course work is easy if you are committed to it and turn it in on time. PEER reviews are not accepted late.
Good teacher, I took this as a second block class on accident. Lots of reading in the class, not super necessary for the lectures. But a fun teacher who\'s excited to share English with students, normal amount of homework assignments and a small 5 page paper due at finals. 8/10
Overall she is a fine professor but there are a lot of little things like not very clear assignments,gradings are sometimes weird. Didn\'t do one peer review on time don\'t expect to get an A.
Wager is a great professor! She makes the class lively and is absolutely hilarious. I took the hybrid-block course. As long as you do the assignments on time it\'s an easy A. The only complaints I have are: a lot of the examples/ content is politically influenced (liberal) and she doesn\'t always describe assignments or what is expected of you well.
Jans does an excellent job of teaching the basics and technical aspects of cinema while putting a feminist/progressive spin on things. Great professor who cares that her class learn new perspectives from her lectures. She is a solid grader and gave great feedback whenever I asked for it. My writing skills have improved from taking this course!
Really enjoyed her class. Took it as a hybrid block class so it was very fast paced and all the assignments were submitted online. She was very clear about how she wanted you to write and was very willing to help. I would take her again, I was very impressed with her teaching style.
Jans is GREAT! She is a fantastic teacher and her class was both interesting and lively. She does expect you to read a lot out of the book, and other sources as well. She is a very lively teacher and you can tell she loves the subject she teaches!
She\'s one of my favorite teachers I\'ve taken. I actually took her last semester but I liked her enough that I thought everyone should still know SHE\'S AWESOME. She is clear on the work and you go over it in class. I would\'ve taken her for 2010 as well if she offered it..
I found Professor Wager very helpful. She does have a specific way she wants you to write, but does make it clear after the first few assignments. She helped me with brevity, but wanted me to change my writing style to match the way she liked it. She was a decent professor, and is very willing to help.
I took into to cinema studies from her and loved it. Great teacher which allot of film experience. She will work with you to sharpen your writing skills. One of my favorite professors here on campus! Just be prepared to think outside the box about movies.
Trouble is, if you have different opinions on the topics you talk about then she won\'t like you. As long as you stick to what she lays out you should be good. She wants very badly to have students she molds, if she can\'t mold you she\'ll throw you away.
Jans is wonderful. Her teaching methods are some of the best that I have experienced. There is a good deal of time involved in the course, but if you like film criticism you won\'t mind. Though the subject ended up not being my cup of tea, I still enjoyed going to class and doing the assignments.
Jans is an excellent teacher! Just awesome. She is definitely organized. She wants class discussion, and that makes the class fun! You can correct your papers at the end of the semester in your portfolio to have a better grade. She is friendly and sincerly cares about student success. WORD OF CAUTION, MANDATORY ATTENDANCE AND DON\'T EVER BE LATE.
I loved this class! Jans is very flexible and open-minded. She just wants to help students learn. Take her class!!
Jan is an amazing Professor, and I highly recommend taking her for English. Grades are easy to improve, as you can edit your writing assignments as much as you want to get a better grade.
She was an excellent teacher! Very organized. She encouraged class discussion, which made the class fun! Had several papers to do which helped you to improve writing skills. Could correct papers to have a better grade. She is also friendly and genuinely interested in student success. Awesome all around!
Writing in her class was fun. I really liked how she would let students rewrite their papers till they got the grade they wanted. It certainly kept my grade up!
Jans has the most effective teaching style of any teacher I\'ve met. The material can be difficult, but she makes it very easy to do well. You have a series of papers to write, if you get a bad score on them she will let you rewrite them for a better score. You can continue rewriting them until you get the score you want.Well prepared, helpfull. A+
This guy is a quack! You never understand what he is saying!
Warden\'s mind is sort of like a lottery ball machine... every now and then a ball will come firing out with a small piece of information but never in a sequential order. Nice guy though.
he likes to talk about his cat and diareha.
Could I despise this man anymore? His lectures are one random topic after another. He is always late and never knows when the class is over... partially because he doesn\'t wear a watch. Lost every single one of my papers. Truly awful waste of time.
The lectures are sleep-inducing unless u participate, he gives lots of credit if u do. Study sheets for quizzes, so u know what 2 expect. Tests are do-able if u read the material. 8 page paper at the end, I\'m so sick of doing PhilaU papers.
thinks too much, knows too much, but all in all hes a great person to work with. Though sometimes it looks like its painful for him to teach..all the sweat is a shame..
Wonderful teacher!! He is kind and knows his stuff. Take him if you can!
talks sooooooo much, zzzzz..where am i?, but very down to earth, fair grader if u do the work, participate in class, it REALLY REALLY helps ur grade, so do it!
I took his online class as an elective and regretted taking it by the end. The information is interesting but he is a tough grader. His tests were hard and very confusing.
